On behalf of the beta-testers and other members of the Linux INTERNET
community who have helped shape and debug this package I am pleased to
announce version 1.3-pl3 of the sysklogd package.

This package implements two system log daemons. The syslogd daemon is
an enhanced version of the standard Berkeley utility program. This
daemon is responsible for providing logging of messages received from
programs and facilities on the local host as well as from remote
hosts. The klogd daemon listens to kernel message sources and is
responsible for prioritizing and processing operating system
messages. The klogd daemon can run as a client of syslogd or
optionally as a standalone program.

This package is the culmination of about two years of experience and
bug reports on the 1.2 version from both the INTERNET and our
corporate Linux networks. The utilities in this package should provide
VERY reliable system logging. Klogd and syslogd have both been stress
tested in kernel development environments where literally hundreds of
megabytes of kernel messages have been blasted through them. If either
utility should fail I would appreciate a report and debug information
so that the bug can be reproduced and squashed.

This package includes some major improvements. Some of them are listed
here:

	* klogd supports on-the-fly kernel address to symbol
	translations. This requires that a valid kernel symbol map be
	found at execution.

	* klogd also supports debugging of protection faults which occur
	in kernel loadable modules.

	* syslogd has better handling of remote logging capabilities.

	* both klogd and syslogd can be controlled through commandline
	options and signals.

	* both daemons are now FSSTND conform.

	* a syslog.conf(5) manpage is now available.

	* Spaces are now accepted in the syslog configuration
	file. This should be a real crowd pleaser.

	* Syslogd now uses dynamic allocation of logging output
	descriptors. There is no longer a static limit on the number
	of log destinations that can be defined.

	* Numerous bug fixes and code cleanups.

The new release can be obtained from either tsx-11.mit.edu or
sunsite.unc.edu.

Thanks again to everyone who has contributed ideas, patches and bug
reports. Linux has a superior set of logging utilities thanks to
contributions from the entire community.


Dr. Greg Wettstein
Oncology Research Division Computing Facility
Roger Maris Cancer Center
greg@wind.enjellic.com
