This file contains know bugs and incompatibilities

REPEATED LOG LINES
   If multiple log lines with the exact same content are received,
   the duplicates are NOT suppressed. This is done by sysklogd
   in all cases. We plan to add this as an optional feature,
   but as of now every line is logged.

ERRORS ON STARTUP
   Error reporting on startup is not particular good. We handle all
   errors correctly, but sometimes a message is only reported if
   running in debug mode. If you experience some strange behaviour
   I suggest to run the syslogd interactively with debugging enabled.

VERY LARGE LOG FILES
   We have done nothing to support log files larger than 2GB. As such, it
   behaves just like sysklogd in this regard. And, as far as I recall, this
   means that - at least with certain glibc versions - no more than 2GB
   will be written. This will be checked and supported at a later time, for
   now just be careful ;).

EQUALLY-NAMED TEMPLATES
   If multiple templates with the SAME name are created, all but the
   first definition is IGNORED. So you can NOT (yet) replace a
   template definition.

MEMORY LEAK ON HUPING
   Currently, the template memory is NOT freed when SIGHUP is received.
   This causes a small memory leak on each HUP. Will be fixed soon and
   should not cause real trouble unless you HUP syslogd quite frequently.

WALLMSG FORMAT (* selector)
   This format is actually not 100% compatible with stock syslogd - the
   date is missing. Will be fixed soon and can also be fixed just via
   the proper template. Anyone up for this? ;)

BUILDING WITH MYSQL
   The MySQL code is activated by defining -DWITH_DB in the CFLAGS.
   Depending on your system, you may need to change some library locations
   and such. Building with MySQL is currently not as straightforward
   as it should be ;)

CALLS to exit()
   I have removed all calls to exit() I have introduced. However, there are
   still some left from the original code. Most of them are OK, being done
   on initial startup when a severe error happens. There are some, I think,
   that might happen during runtime when a memory shortag is detected. We
   should look into this issues. Finding some smarter code would allow
   rsyslog to become even more fault-tolerant (but obviously, there is always
   a cost, in this case most probably the loss of at least on message).

SIGPIPE HANDLING
  Currently, SIGPIPE is ignored. This is necessary to handle broken TCP
  connections. We should further look into this issue and see which other
  ways exist to handle the situation.

Updates to the bug lists (and potential fixes...) can be found at the 
official home page at

http://www.monitorware.com/rsyslog

List as of 2005-03-08
Rainer Gerhards
