There is an additional install HOWTO available under

   doc/install.html

Probably this HOWTO is easier to follow then the steps here
below.


1.) READ the README.linux file and the accompanying man pages.
    It will save you some frustration. Be sure to review sample.conf
    it has a lot of information and samples on templates. If you
    want to do all the cool things, this is what you need to know.

2.) The actual build process is done from a distro-specific 
    subdirectory. If in doubt, use the "linux" directory. CD
    into it. We assume you stay in it for the rest of the process.
   
3.) Edit the Makefile for your installation.  NOTE that if you have not
    carried out step 1 you may make choices which could render your
    system and/or these utilities unusable.  Compile the utilities.

4.) The FSSTND makes suggestions as to appropriate locations for
    system binaries.  Since not everyone agrees with standards it is
    up to the system administrator installing the utilities to choose
    the most appropriate locations for the binaries and their
    configuration files.  By default the package will compile and
    install following the FSSTND recommendations.  If a decision is
    made to change this behavior consult the makefile and the sources.
    The FSSTND define controls selection of values which may be
    influenced by the choice of conformance with the FSSTND or site
    preferences.

5.) For proper functioning the daemon is best run as root.
    This is probably not much of a problem since it will probably be
    started either by init or as part of the rc.* startup process.  There
    may be security concerns with running it as root.  Please repeat
    step 1 if you are unsure of why this may be the case.

6.) Contrary to previous releases, this release does NOT replace the
    standard syslogd in your system. Instead, the tool is installed
    under the name rsyslogd. Similarily, it does NOT automatically read
    syslog.conf, but rsyslog.conf instead. This was done based on user
    feedback (which re-activated the author's common sense ;)) and will
    probably save you a lot of hassle. On the other hand, if you used
    previous versions of rsyslog, you need to change some things now!

7.) If you would like to use database logging, you need a database ;)
    The default configuration requires a MonitorWare schema. To do this, you
    can follow this advise:
    How to create the database for rsyslog?
    It is really easy. Simply run the following command in your shell. Be sure
    that the mysql user you are using have permission to create a database.
    mysql -u username -p < /path/to/createDB.sql 
    Enter the password if requested. The database "Syslog" with the necessary
    tables is created.
    If you would like to use a different schema, you can do so ;) Just create
    your schema and database and then create a matching template in rsyslog.conf.
    See sample.conf for a description on how templates work.
